Source collected by query parameter (#183)
bbc/tams: docs/adr/0049-source-collected_by-query-parameter.md

However it is proposed to keep the same query parameter for comsistency then update the webhooks to clarify what should happen for an empty query parameter.

| Behaviour | Query Parameter |
| --------- | --------------- |
| Source is not collected | `source_collected_by_ids=` |
| Source is collected by specific Source | `source_collected_by_ids=a46c49f1-4764-42b9-9f91-f267a58903c4` |
| Source is collected by any of the specified Sources | `source_collected_by_ids=a46c49f1-4764-42b9-9f91-f267a58903c4,f3ac31bb-c66b-43f8-8362-c82e76f0d28d` |
| Source is collected by any Source |  Not possible |

* Good: If filtering by ID is required then this keeps it to a single field
* Good: Uses an existing field which is already present in the API and provided consistency between different areas
* Bad: Requires the filtering by ID to be a logical query parameter

### Flow level implications

At the Flow level this is currently some ability to query and update Flow collections in the API.
This behaviour focuses on starting from a known Flow to which the collection is applied.
There is no equivalent endpoints at the Source level.

> If chosen to also apply at the Flow level then need to consider is `flows_collected_by_id=a46c49f1-4764-42b9-9f91-f267a58903c4` too similar to `/flows/a46c49f1-4764-42b9-9f91-f267a58903c4/flow_collection`? 

Reviewer: The distinction kinda comes up for the `role` discussion in #173 - the query string parameter lets you search for more things, for example `/flows?flows_collected_by_id=<uuid>&format=urn:x-nmos:format:video&codec=video/h264` which feels useful, while the `flows/<uuid>/flow_collection` is the canonical resource itself - you can edit it there

This ADR is to look at moving this behaviour from the client side into the API.
This has the benefit of not only making it simpler for any system looking for top level content in the system, but also makes the result more predicable as the number of rows requested from the API will result in the available rows up to that limit.

While the focus of this ADR is on the Source level of the TAMS API, there are sufficient similarities between the data structures of Sources and Flows that it is worth considering whether this should be applied to both levels.

## Considered Options

Source Options:

* Option 1: Follow tags example and use two query parameters for value and exists
* Option 2: Follow tags example but only implement the exists query parameter
* Option 3: Follow accept_get_urls example and use an empty query parameter
* Option 4: Do nothing

Flows:

* Option A: Apply the same querying capabilities at both Source and Flow level
* Option B: Only apply the new query capabilities at the Source level

## Decision Outcome

> Recommendation: Option 3 since this already exists within the API as part of the webhooks, however this requires clarification of empty query parameters which is recommended to match the proposed behaviours.

Reviewer 2: NIT: We've now accepted the chosen options
```suggestion
Chosen Options 3 and A since this already exists within the API as part of the webhooks, however this requires clarification of empty query parameters which is recommended to match the proposed behaviours.
```
